Task 2: Choosing the Right Visuals

Q1/5: The CEO of the retail store is interested to view the time series of the revenue data for the entire year. The CEO is interested in viewing the seasonal trends and wants to dig deeper into why these trends occur. This analysis will be helpful for the CEO to forecast for the next year. Which visual would most likely help the CEO analyse the data?
    1)Bar chart
    2)Line chart
    3)Pie chart
    4)Scatter plot
ANSWER:- 2)Line chart

Q2/5: The CMO is interested in viewing the top 10 countries which are generating the highest revenue. Additionally, as a subcomponent, they would also like to see which products are contributing to the total revenue being generated by each country. Which visual would enable the CMO to view the revenue for each country and the breakdown by products on a single chart?
    1)Bar chart
    2)Pie chart
    3)Boxplot
    4)Stacked bar chart
ANSWER:- 4)Stacked bar chart

Q3/5: The CEO of the online retail store wants to see how much average revenue is generated by each country. They are interested in viewing the following metrics on the visual: Minimum value First quartile value Median value Third quartile value Maximum value Which chart would you create to show the above metrics for the average revenue generated by each country?
    1)Scatter plot
    2)Histogram
    3)Waterfall chart
    4)Boxplot
ANSWER:- 4)Boxplot

Q4/5: The CMO of the online retail store wants to view the information on the top 10 customers by revenue. They are interested in a visual that shows the greatest revenue-generating customer at the start and gradually declines to the lower revenue-generating customers. The CMO wants to target the higher revenue-generating customers and ensure that they remain satisfied with their products. Which visual would help the CMO understand the data on revenue generated by the top 10 customers?
    1)Pie chart
    2)Stacked bar chart
    3)Column chart
    4)Area chart
ANSWER:- 3)Column chart

Q5/5: The CEO is looking to gain insights on the demand for their products. They want to look at all countries and see which regions have the greatest demand for their products. Once the CEO gets an idea of the regions that have high demand, they will initiate an expansion strategy which will allow the company to target these areas and generate more business from these regions. He wants to view the entire data on a single view without the need to scroll or hover over the data points to identify the demand. Which chart would be most useful to provide the CEO information on the demand in each region?
    1)Area chart
    2)Scatter plot
    3)Map chart
    4)Pie chart
ANSWER:- 3)Map chart